gamers what is up it is Charles powers
from the gamefaqs com here who's that
handsome devil yeah yeah that's that's
that's me alright Coco actually that
video is for a different video so I'm
just gonna go ahead and move things
along here so the game fanatics we were
at South by Southwest 2015 the gaming
expo checking all of that goodness out
and hey if you've not been down to
austin texas for software southwest yet
you are really missing out especially
the gaming expo because it's completely
free to the public and that that's
pretty awesome anyway we were out there
checking out the plethora of indie games
and it was just a whole bunch of fun so
we've got a list of our top five in two
games that we checked out at South by
Southwest 2015 first indie game on our
list perhaps one of the most interesting
ones is 1979 revolution it's actually
developed by rockstar veterans now this
game follows the actual events of the
1979 Iranian Revolution and it focuses
on the story of an Iranian
photojournalist Reza now Reza he's a
really brave guy he's really just trying
to chronicle the events of the
revolution for future generations now
this game is very cool it's very
cinematic and while playing we were
forced to make some very very tough
moral choices and critical decisions you
definitely want to check it out when it
releases on pc android and iOS next up
on our list a little indie game by the
name of pushmi-pullyu this game you
really don't know how else to describe
it other than
is probably the most digital fun you
have with four friends and one ball the
game is pretty simple you've got four
players two teams of two people each two
monsters two heads one person controls
one head you see where I'm going with
all of this we had an absolute blast
playing pushing you pull you and I'm
pretty sure you will too the third game
on our list breach and clear deadline
now this is an improvement on the
already critically acclaimed original
breach and clear there have been a
couple of improvements including new
modes and improved tactical strategy and
zombies yes zombies what was that I
don't know so yeah monsters are on the
loose and it's up to you the player to
stop the infra station and to do so we
were provided with a seemingly endless
arsenal of tools in a vast open world
we've got everything from side quests
that add a refreshing RPG element to the
new command mode that gives players
total control of their squad the RTS fan
and all of us was very very pleased you
can find out more about Bridget Claire
deadline on Steam next on our list
Kickstarter sensation the flame of the
flood this is a freaking gorgeous game
developed by a team of game industry
vets most of the game takes place along
a procedurally generated river where the
player is tasked with making their way
down the river by foot or by raft while
foraging for food bending of vicious
animals and ultimately just trying to
survive everything from inclement
weather to disease sickness elements you
name it we were truly at a loss for
words while playing the flame of the
flood how could a game so breathtakingly
gorgeous be so brutal the experience had
us walk away speechless now this is a
game
that really really is more than just a
game last up on our list now this is a
game that our frame job over at telltale
games really convinced us to play it's
called keep talking and nobody explodes
and it's pretty self-explanatory except
for the actual game mechanics I'll tell
you about that in a little bit but first
shutout see you Jim because you
convinced me to play this game and I
played with my fiance and you know I
found out that there's there's some
communication issues there we didn't
save the world but you know we'll work
on it so yes the game mechanics two
players one is inside the oculus VR
world environment and staring at a bomb
and another person is outside sitting
literally right next to them with a
clipboard a full of papers and the
papers give you the information on how
to disable or disarm the bomb that the
person wearing the oculus is looking at
now the two of you has to be in constant
communication because the person looking
at the bomb has to describe the bomb to
the person with the clipboard because
neither one can see what the other seeds
so you really have to really communicate
and pay attention to really my new
details so the bomb doesn't blow up
you're not sitting there questioning
your relationship because you couldn't
figure it out yeah alright that about
does it for this video for more
information on all the games in this
video you can check out the game
fanatics com you have the full article
I've also posted the link in the
description of the video and if you have
any questions comments or concerns
better drop them in the comments below
you can follow me on twitter i'm at
fanatical g you can follow the game
fanatics on twitter at d game fanatics
until next time guys